### Hi! My name is Dzmitry Fedchanka
- Easiest way to contact me is [telegram](https://t.me/zm1ca), yet you may wwrite an e-mail to zmicier.fied@yandex.ru
- I do feel extreme passion to creation of new things, such as diy-stuff, ciphers or usefull (or just funny) applications. It's important for me to feel usefullness of any task I do, so I'm usually prefer asking specific questions about any project, mostly to feel the vibe.
- I have some lightweight experience in python and math-oriented C/C++ skill, but lately I've been dedicaating myself to iOS and Swift in particular, so my skillset contains following: git, Foundation, UIKit, CoreData, SwiftLint, SnapKit, Firebase, MVC and MVVM.
- You can find my latest pet-project [here](https://github.com/zm1ca/SKZI-requestAssistant).
- I took part in developing an crypto-secure iOS messenger Bolero and passed a dozen of online-courses, which you can find in my [GitHub](https://github.com/zm1ca?tab=repositories).
- I've started my path with "App development with Swift", then moved to Sean Allen's courses:  iOS dev launchpad and iOS Dev Job Interview Practice - Take Home Project. After that, I watched Stanford CS193P iOS 11 Swift 4 course on YouTube (and uploaded hometasks [here](https://github.com/zm1ca/CS193pGames)). After those courses, i dipped my toes into some new topics with [letsbuildthatapp.com] Intermediate Training Course with Core Data and Basics of firebase (iOS Academy).
- My english level is somewhat B2+, since I don't have any fear to participate both in usual chats and science-biased conversations. To keep learning, i prefer watching movies in english, so it feels like a decent way to keep a hobby usefull as well.
